RHIDP-1454: Document TechDocs plugin (#294)
redhat-developer/red-hat-developers-documentation-rhdh: modules/getting-started/ref-techdocs-example-config-plugin-operator.adoc

> [id="ref-techdocs-example-config-plugin-operator_{context}"]
> 
> = Example TechDocs Plugin configuration for the Operator

Reviewer: ```suggestion
// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * assemblies/assembly-techdocs-plugin.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: REFERENCE
[id="ref-techdocs-example-config-plugin-operator_{context}"]
= Example TechDocs Plugin configuration for the Operator
```

> The following example shows a {product} Operator ConfigMap configuration for the TechDocs plugin:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following example shows a {product} Operator config map configuration for the TechDocs plugin:
```
